[
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Given that we'll be deprecating the terms \"eth1\" and \"eth2\" at the Merge, I've put togehter a Great Renaming proposal for Discord channels and Github repository names (note: not the content of each repo - that's up to the repo owners): https://notes.ethereum.org/@timbeiko/great-renaming\n\nTo not spam this channel with discussion, I suggest we use a thread for any comments cc: \u003c@!425279588009246720\u003e \u003c@!301186049323958275\u003e",
        "created_at": "2021-08-12T15:53:57.969000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "pipermerriam",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "This server is strictly for discussions pertaining to the development of the protocol.  This server isn't the appropriate place for support style questions.",
        "created_at": "2021-08-12T19:24:45.007000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Reminder that we've got another ğŸ—ï¸ **London Infrastructure Call** ğŸ—ï¸  tomorrow (Aug 13) at 14:00 UTC\n\nAgenda here: https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/369\nZoom to be shared here before the call ğŸ™‚",
        "created_at": "2021-08-12T22:15:21.493000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]