[
    {
        "author": "gcolvin",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003e there is a strong political pressure to include 1559\nI don't object to the EIP.  I do object to political pressure playing any part in our deliberations.",
        "created_at": "2021-05-18T02:23:03.975000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "g11tech",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@!552133098075193354\u003e posting here for consideration of `access_list` for the next ACD meet.  https://ethresear.ch/t/block-access-list-v0-1/9505 \u003c@!364458974906548225\u003e \u003c@!425615769280315392\u003e",
        "created_at": "2021-05-18T09:09:18.717000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@!792822129019584562\u003e could you please open an issue here and give a quick overview of the topic and what you'd like to discuss on the call? https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues\n\nThanks!",
        "created_at": "2021-05-18T14:33:15.598000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "trent_vanepps",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Announcing the 1559 Wallet Interfaces Call - if you are part of a wallet team and would like to join, please DM me!\n\nüìÜ  Wed. May 26 at 13:00 UTC (9:00 ET)\n‚è∞  1 hour\n\nLeading up to the London Upgrade (~July 14) and 1559, we'd like to get the leading wallets in Ethereum together to discuss upcoming changes, including JSON RPC and how to communicate changes to users.\n\nAgenda here: https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/323",
        "created_at": "2021-05-18T16:17:33.898000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]