[
    {
        "author": "dapplion",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I want to note that taking a big decision like point one exclusively in a sync call may not allow input for parties that can attend the ACD timeslot. Sorry if I missed someone but I did not see Lighthouse p2p folks on the call, whose input is very valuable for such security sensitive topics",
        "created_at": "2023-06-09T09:43:38.185000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Yeah, I tend to agree. Even on yesterday's call, the discussion changed substantially when \u003c@360491619402776577\u003e showed up (late ðŸ‘€). \n\nThat said, given we want to get devnet-6 up, aligning on this was important. So, with the objections raised, the deadline for the devnet, and the fact it's a very small change for clients, we agreed to implement it for devnets and keep discussing whether it's the right change for mainnet. \n\nNow that we've moved most of the devnet talk to \u003c#892088344438255616\u003e, maybe we can repurpose \u003c#1031999860997619843\u003e to focus on that issue?",
        "created_at": "2023-06-09T14:23:44.888000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]