[
    {
        "author": "hsiaowei",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Reminder: PeerDAS breakout starting in 5min\n\nAgenda: https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/1059\nZoom: https://ethereumfoundation.zoom.us/j/87225793361?pwd=Pe0H4sFMX9wr1HFRLfQo3yrDB6a4hk.1",
        "created_at": "2024-06-11T09:55:02.287000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "gakonst",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Should we set a timeline deadline for devnet-1?",
        "created_at": "2024-06-11T22:24:19.781000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "ralexstokes",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "i think we will have devnet-1 CL specs by EOW (unless something unexpected comes up on thursdays call), and i think the devnet-1 EL specs are mostly hammered out somewhere\n\nfrom there devnet-1 will happen once a critical mass of client teams have implemented the specs",
        "created_at": "2024-06-11T22:48:18.114000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003ctimbeiko\u003e \u003e \u003ctimbeiko\u003e  I sent a list of EL spec changes to Barnabas earlier today â€” I assume they will be added to the doc tomorrow ðŸ˜„ (re @allcoredevs_bot: \u003cAlex Stokes (ralexstokes)\u003e i think we will have devnet-1 CL specs by EOW (unless something unexpected comes up on thursdays call), and i think the devnet-1 EL specs are mostly hammered out somewhere\n\nfrom there devnet-1 will happen once a critical mass of client teams have implemented the specs)",
        "created_at": "2024-06-11T22:49:14.478000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]