[
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cdannyryan\u003e \u003e \u003cdannyryan\u003e  You need a way for software to trustlessly migrate\n\nOr you need to make all historic commitments versions available simultaneously (re @dankrad: can't we already support this using the versioned hashes?)",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T01:11:41.274000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cglamperd\u003e \u003e \u003cglamperd\u003e  evenings are fine. 11:30UTC is good (re @trent_vanepps: we're looking to start a call this week or next week. it will run at least for the next few months, to give a synchronous space for people directly contributing to this project\n\nto accommodate the relevant contributors, it would have to be around 11:30 UTC (21:30 AEST, 13:30 CET 7:30 EST), let's aim for Thursdays (every two weeks?)\n\nfirst question - \u003c@405860945018093609\u003e do evenings work for you? another alternative is we focus on 2/3 timezones and then rotate)",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T01:38:26.250000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003ctrent_vanepps\u003e \u003e \u003ctrent_vanepps\u003e  great! do you have availability this week at that time? or should we plan for next week (re @glamperd: evenings are fine. 11:30UTC is good)",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T01:44:31.546000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cglamperd\u003e \u003e \u003cglamperd\u003e  this week is ok (re @trent_vanepps: great! do you have availability this week at that time? or should we plan for next week)",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T01:44:55.771000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003ctrent_vanepps\u003e added to the Protocol Call calendar",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T01:55:55.920000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003ctrent_vanepps\u003e will add an agenda tomorrow",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T01:56:11.062000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "mariusvanderwijden",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Whats the status on the coordinator? Is there a spec for that already?",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T05:53:38.975000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "trent_vanepps",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "bits and pieces, i think we will be reusing some of the architecture from previous ceremonies",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T19:34:09.788000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "trent_vanepps",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "A bit impromptu, but we're running the first KZG Ceremony call tomorrow 11:30 UTC to get everyone on the same page. Join if you are able to, this will probably be held every two weeks while as long as it's productive\n\nZoom: to be added here at meeting start\nAgenda: https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/546\nEthereum Protocol Calls calendar subscription: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y191cGFvZm9uZzhtZ3JtcmtlZ243aWM3aGs1c0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T20:04:57.497000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003ckobigurk\u003e Reading the spec for the first time, a few questions:\n\n1. Maybe typo here and -1 should be on other side?\n\ndef witness_continuity_check(previous_ceremony: Ceremony, new_ceremony: Ceremony) -\u003e bool:\n    for previous_transcript, new_transcript in zip(previous_ceremony, new_ceremony):\n        if previous_transcript.witness.running_products[:-1] != new_transcript.witness.running_products:\n            return False\n        if previous_transcript.witness.pot_pubkeys[:-1] != new_transcript.witness.pot_pubkeys:\n            return False\n    return True\n\n\n2. I don’t see it mentioned participants validating the transcripts, subgroups or signing off on the hash of what they get. If that’s the case, there could be some nefarious attack where the coordinator adds a low order element, gives the transcript to the participant, gets the result and removes the low order element, getting some information about the private key on the way.\n\nIs it supposed to be implicit?",
        "created_at": "2022-06-08T20:53:25.171000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]