[
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "are there any other CLs that are ready with devnet 6 specs?",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T08:48:58.268000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "sibkatya",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@412614104222531604\u003e could you please add scrape interval 12s into the devnet-6 config? üôè",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T09:19:31.645000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "done.",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T09:21:42.019000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "you mean devnet 5?",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T09:21:57.752000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "sibkatya",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "no, devnet-6, for future",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T09:22:12.901000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "no reason not to have it for devnet 5 too, so I just changed it on devnet 5. Will be using the same values for devnet 6 too.",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T09:22:45.474000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "sibkatya",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "It supposed to be 12s already for devnet-5 üòÑ  Ok",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T09:23:14.588000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "it was set to 30s",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T09:23:29.088000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "LH - Nethermind:\n```\nApr 07 10:01:12.469 ERROR Data column for publication is gossip-invalid  column_index: 1, slot: 39, error: InvalidKzgProof(KzgVerificationFailed)\n```",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T10:01:36.591000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "looks like the only non active client is now grandine on peerdas-devnet-5. \u003c@498331483732312075\u003e",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T11:29:01.221000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "would you have any new images that I could roll out?",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T11:29:08.485000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "hangleang.eth",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "nope, I only have a branch for devnet-6 (not backward compatible, lol): https://github.com/hangleang/grandine/tree/peerdas-devnet-6",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T11:41:18.435000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "hangleang.eth",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "it got stuck for a while, could you give it a checkpoint sync? (not confidence that the back sync work)",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T11:43:31.010000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "sibkatya",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Any ideas on `getBlobsV2` metrics? For example, it can be a counter monitoring the number of requests. What are devs/devops needs?",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T12:03:11.884000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "hangleang.eth",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Geth - engine_getBlobsV2",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T13:03:16.268000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "If anyone (cc \u003c@531934490826768418\u003e )  would have missed it, spamoor now supports v1 wrapper blobs post fulu, and will default to using it 100% of the time.  (on kurtosis)\n\nif you need to send v0 post fulu, you can still use:\n```yaml\nspamoor_blob_params:\n  spamoor_extra_args:\n    - --blob-v1-percent=50\n```",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T14:43:13.695000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "corcoranwill",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Hi All:  [Here](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/1425) is the updated agenda issue for tomorrows call.  Please comment on the issue if you have any items you would like to have included.",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T14:56:56.696000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "corcoranwill",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "(programming note: the call is at 6am for me, so if you flag something for the agenda post-9pm UTC today, I prob won't see it, so please make sure to mention it on the call)",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T14:58:24.939000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "corcoranwill",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Also, I went back in time and updated the [PeerDAS-PM.md](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/Breakout-Room-Meetings/PeerDAS/PeerDAS-pm.md) to reflect all of the meeting and all devenet specs.  Moving forward, I plan to keep this up to date.",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T15:00:07.641000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "fradamt",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Speaking of the call's time, would it maybe make sense to bring it back to 2 pm CET on both weeks, given that there's much wider participation right now?",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T15:09:27.412000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "parithosh",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Wasn't the issue that it interferes with FOCIL breakout? and it's hard for the aussie devs to join in",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T15:11:34.246000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "fradamt",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "At this stage of PeerDAS development, I don't think we should decide based on the FOCIL breakout. If it makes sense for the PeerDAS breakout to be at that time, the FOCIL breakout can be moved, or happen in parallel and some people will have to choose what to attend. As for aussie devs, that's fair but also the case for any other important protocol call, and we have all at them at eth o'clock anyway. I think it was an argument that made more sense up until a few weeks ago when there was much more limited participation to the breakout",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T15:23:42.888000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "ralexstokes",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "strong +1 to what fradamt is saying",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T16:10:38.273000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "ralexstokes",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "could move FOCIL breakout to friday eth o'clock",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T16:11:00.286000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "ralexstokes",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "we do have a lot of cultural inertia around 2pm UTC, which i know is not great for APAC timezones, but i expect it will be better for PeerDAS R\u0026D in the long run",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T16:12:39.304000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "corcoranwill",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Sounds great to me.  I will add this as a discussion topic on tomorrow's 10am UTC call and give people an opportunity to advocate for a different outcome.",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T16:44:19.950000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "derekg.base",
        "category": "Testing",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Might be an obvious metric, but I'd be interested to see how frequently `getBlobsV2`  retrieves all blobs requested.",
        "created_at": "2025-04-07T16:50:56.803000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]