[
    {
        "author": "zsfelfoldi",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I addressed some more issues commented by \u003c@!543900561460822016\u003e. I think it's mergeable if no further issues are found.",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T06:10:21.478000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "So, as per \u003c@!301186049323958275\u003e and \u003c@!543900561460822016\u003e's comments, it seems people would like to see a bit more process around merging the spec in. For this specific API, given it was agreed to in AllCoreDevs, do we just want to merge it in or would we want to set up a call about it? I'm just a bit concerned w.r.t. the London timelines if we add an extra process now, it may delay things. WDYT?",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T13:45:56.049000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Also worth noting we've already merged some other JSON RPC APIs related to London. If we were to do this, it would have made sense to have an entire `london` branch perhaps",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T13:46:37.763000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "sky.cactus",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I think getting this spec into a *branch* ASAP is valuable.  That way it can be linked to, reviewed, etc. sooner rather than later.",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T13:50:35.014000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "What do you mean by \"this spec\"? The entire thing? The `feeHistory` API?",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T13:51:20.985000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "sky.cactus",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "In *theory*, JSON-RPC changes aren't in-sync with hard forks.  Sometimes (like with 1559) the changes arrive at the same time (like with a new feature), but not always.  Because of this, I would be hesitant to setup a process tied to the HF coordination process.",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T13:51:39.008000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "sky.cactus",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "In a perfect world, I think we would have a branch containing all of the changes related to 1559.  It sounds like that ship has at least partially sailed though (which is fine, we are still figuring out the process at the moment via trial and error).",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T13:52:40.459000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Yeah, I think that's reasonable. Given we discussed `feeHistory` specifically on a call with wallet providers and on ACD, I'm inclined to just merge it, because that will at least provide clarity to everyone. \n\nI think after that, we need to figure out the right \"venue\" for these JSON RPC reviews.",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T13:54:49.181000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "sky.cactus",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I do think we should merge it into *something*.  I think the question is just whether that is `main` or some branch.",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T14:00:49.140000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "sky.cactus",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I'm weakly against `main` because it isn't live/usable in *any* client yet, and a new developer reading the docs will become confused.",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T14:01:06.874000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Yeah, it's unclear what requirements we want for merging into master. I'm weakly for `main` because we did that for the other London endpoints so far + don't have great guidelines for branching + it should all be live in clients in a few weeks. Not a strong opinion either, though üòÖ",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T14:03:37.244000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "zsfelfoldi",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I'm doing the final touches on the Geth implementation so I hope we can have it merged to our master branch this week.",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T14:49:46.632000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Ok, so given this will be going in geth, I'm now pretty in favor of merging it, with the caveat that post-London we should find a better process.. ! I know Besu is also working on this.",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T14:53:10.989000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "zsfelfoldi",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Agreed, this is a good opportunity to figure out some open but still efficient processes for the future. I think this one particularly was a fairly open process,  being discussed in an API call, then having a proposal, making decisions on ACD and people giving feedback all along. Having a slightly more formal process in the future sounds sensible though.",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T15:15:07.829000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Left a comment on the issue: https://github.com/ethereum/eth1.0-specs/pull/212#issuecomment-861605439 \n\nIf there's no strong pushback in the next 12-24h, I'll merge it üëç",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T15:37:23.220000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "lightclient",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "i still have quite a few nits on it to resolve, so would prefer we reach consensus on those",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T15:50:45.088000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "timbeiko",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Oh, my bad! I saw them all as `Outdated`",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T15:51:23.334000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "lightclient",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Yeah i'm not sure why it did that when it seems like the code is mostly the same. bumping with \u003c@!202397237962211328\u003e too, i'll mark the comments as resolved when they are resolved, not sure why there were all marked as outdated after your last changes",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T15:52:26.051000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "lightclient",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "looks like there were actually a lot of changes, let me review again with a fresh update - there may not be many things left",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T15:56:20.070000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "zsfelfoldi",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "sorry, I forgot to comment on my PR after doing the updates üôÇ",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T16:09:31.352000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "lightclient",
        "category": "Execution R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "np üôÇ",
        "created_at": "2021-06-15T16:13:12.725000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]