[
    {
        "author": "__flcl",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@159152274659082240\u003e \u003c@203220829473996800\u003e Btw, getting blobs bundle is a separate call from engine_getPayloadV3, do CLs find it more convenient to have as another request? It looks like it's requested every time with getPayload post dencun.",
        "created_at": "2023-04-11T12:14:39.630000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "__flcl",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Does not seem hard to merge this two rpcs. On other side, you can make two requests in parallel to make it faster. But I'm not sure why it can be useful to have them separated. ~~And payload may improve between calls, providing different set of blobs/kzgs~~",
        "created_at": "2023-04-11T12:15:25.315000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "g11tech",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I agree, although its already there and isn't much pain maintaining but can be merged nevertheless, unless it could be potentially be of use to third party blob availability services or to builders",
        "created_at": "2023-04-11T14:02:46.002000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "g11tech",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "If Prysm is ready, may be we can try for a devnet with lodestar? EL side: geth/nethermind/ethereumjs?",
        "created_at": "2023-04-11T14:05:04.791000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "inphi",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Yeah we originally separated both RPCs for easier maintenance. We should have a proper discussion on what API should look like soon now that Shapella is imminent and APIs locked in.",
        "created_at": "2023-04-11T14:13:45.740000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "m.kalinin",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Maybe it make sense to have Engine API discussion during the next implementers call? I was thinking about outlining Cancun spec soon ™️ and having a discussion before that would be really helpful",
        "created_at": "2023-04-11T15:43:11.197000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]