[
    {
        "author": "potuz",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "CC \u003c@478484815155429376\u003e who  has been advocating for Verkle not to be prioritized on L1, and actually implement it first on L2 where it would be presumably more urgent sooner (at least on some L2s)",
        "created_at": "2023-11-24T02:48:44.879000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003crudolf6\u003e FYI the next Verkle Implementers Call is this Tuesday (Nov 28th) at 14:00 UTC. \n\nWould be great to have more L2 folks there üôè \n\nMore info/link will be shared in the #verkle-trie channel in R\u0026D discord. \n\nCan drop your email here if you want to be added directly to the calendar event: \ndocs.google.com/forms/d/1yTN_Gf4oPGg6z4xenaYK2QCSyP2keLrhfqyeZXs851k\n\nTo add agenda items:\nhttps://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/902",
        "created_at": "2023-11-24T03:53:36.283000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]