[
    {
        "author": "hkalodner",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Following the call earlier, I was thinking more about the prospect of standarding L2 precompiles as independent from L1 precompiles. It seems like the generally idea of having the RIP process is that it should be able to more more efficiently than the L1 process. However I'm worried that without any significant buy-in from Ethereum, it'd be easy to get into a situation where Ethereum adopts something incompatible to what L2s are doing. One proposal to resolve this issue would be to adopt an EIP the reserves various identifier spaces as being reserved for the RIP process so that Ethereum would never use those identifiers unless it adopted something identical to the RIP\n\nExamples of things that would be nice to reserve\n1. Precompiles addresses for L2 precompiles\n2. EOF format discriminators for custom virtual machine modifications\n3. Transaction typecodes for custom L2 transaction types (eg. a multidimensional gas transaction to split L1 and L2 gas)\n\nThen RIP proposals could safely operate in those spaces without any fear of fragmentation from L1",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T00:04:58.673000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "hkalodner",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I'm interested in whether something like that would be viable and whether there are any other spaces where it would make sense to reserve space for RIP. One other one that comes to mind is potentially extensions to the RPC interface, possibly by keeping a separate namespace from `eth_` for RIP defined methods depending on whether we want to include RPC standardization in this process",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T00:07:23.587000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "_drinkcoffee",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "An additional thing that could be nice to reserve is opcode numbers.",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T00:49:49.512000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "_drinkcoffee",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Reserving id numbers / addresses for L2 standardised things would not stop the L2 and the L1 group standardising the same concept, but with different id numbers. I think the way to help ensure there aren't clashes is to have lots of communications between the two groups.",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T00:52:02.092000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "hkalodner",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "My  concern there is based from the fact that one of the goals of creating the RIP process is the idea that it'll be able to move much more quickly than the EIP process so that leaves the danger of doing things that could directly conflict with L1. We'll certainly want to stay in a close loop with L1 development, but it seems unlikely that we'll get any committment to the specific RIGs we're standardizing or else they'd get adopted as EIPs already. To me RIG is basically a process to intentionally deviate from ethereum equivalence in an ethereum aligned way as a group. There's a big advantage there of being able to make faster progress at the execution layer, but I think it fundamentally means going without full L1 alignment or we'd basically be moving at the same pace as L1 execution layer development. That's where I end up with the view that the best we can hope for if that's the goal is for ethereum do not to anything that directly conflicts with L2 standards\n\nI wouldn't be too worried about the specific scenario you described because in that case L2s could just adopt the L1 standard when it exists along with supporting the existing L2 standard for backwards compatibility reasons",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:00:54.274000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cSamWilsn\u003e Hopefully the new EIP process structure I've been working on will be useful for this group.\n\nIt's a common complaint that EIPs are too slow. We are planning on dividing the EIP process into working groups, and each group would be able to define their own processes and review their own pull requests.\n\nI'd certainly welcome an L2 working group!\n\nI've laid out an overview of what this will look like here: https://hackmd.io/@SamWilsn/B1fWU0Aqh\n\nThis is, of course, subject to change as it moves through the EIP editors.",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:07:07.824000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cSamWilsn\u003e tl;dr you write a document defining your organization, EIP Editors provide some document management tools/support.",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:08:29.644000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "carlbeek",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "So a lot of what you just mentioned here is what I was trying to get at when I was talking about \"deconfliction\" today. The idea being that in order to have L2s innovate on the EVM, they will have to deviate from the L1 EVM (by definition). So one of the primary goals of the RIP process is ensuring that L2 EVM changes don't do something incompatible with L1. The second order of deconfliction is between various L2 EVM implementations for similar reasons. After the above, comes the idea of trying to have each individual standard work for as many L2s as is practicable in addition to seeking feedback from L1 such that RIP L2 EVM changes may one day be backported to L1.",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:11:05.592000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "carlbeek",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Yes, \u003c@415548822983278593\u003e mentioned this on today's call too. We've been targeting the RIP process be a working group.",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:12:56.789000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "hkalodner",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Extremely on board with all of it. It'd just be nice if we could get the level of buy-in from the EIP process of provisioning space where the RIP process can operate before we go to far in deviating from Ethereum as a group. Fully agreed that L2 deconfliction is extremely important as well and a critical piece of the puzzle. The thing I like about the EIP plan, is that it'd be a one-time fairly simple move from the EIP process to fully legitimate the RIP process and eliminate the risk of L1 conflicts which would create a lot of confidence in the RIP process from my point of view",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:18:20.948000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "treyzania",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "regarding cross-rollup addressing I proposed this idea a while back as part of the URL/URI working group that got rolled into the wallets implementers working group https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/idea-proposal-introducing/9906/4",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:22:40.627000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "treyzania",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "^ this was sorta conflating a transaction request format with a more generic recipient descriptor format",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:24:25+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "treyzania",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I *don't* think that URLs/URIs are a good format for describing how to send funds/assets, there should be some higher level format that's kinda agnostic to the underlying asset implementations and how they're represented in different contexts, and having a generic format that lets wallets abstract over the implementation at tx assembly time is useful for allowing more flourishing of different L2 designs",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:26:01.103000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "treyzania",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Oh wait this channel was renamed from an older one, I thought it was a new channel with new discussion",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:29:31.264000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "treyzania",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "anyways this is kinda proximal to this discussion",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T01:30:08.282000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003czeroxverif\u003e It looks like most of these issues fit within certain boxes of coordination topics. \n\nMaybe it would be best to first define what are the different categories (eg as mentioned above -issue: standard precompile addresses and functionality -category: VM compatibility) so that teams can start talking and creating issues for categories they are focusing most on?",
        "created_at": "2023-10-19T12:09:12.439000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]