[
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cHighlander1969\u003e HI everyone, for those interested the Ethereum - OASIS (new name) L2 Standards WG will meet tomorrow (May 1) at 7 am PST/10 am EST/14:00 UTC /15:00 CET/11 pm JSTÂ \n\nAgenda\n 1. Welcome, and a reminder of the WG meeting rule\n2.  Selection of scribe\n3. Introduction of new participants\n4. Finalize draft of article and WG feedback (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oLEZVaTSDMVTjMbB2rbbLXRZOQP81_hY_82UpjDGBdY/edit?usp=drivesdk)\n5. Continue review of full L2 Transaction Fee API spec PR (PR#53 -- https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/pull/53)\n6. Review Open Issues\n7. Open Forum for other items\n\nThis is the zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81599021689?pwd=VmxPVUNCVmE5RkkweGY1YmN1OWMrZz09",
        "created_at": "2024-05-01T05:01:27.800000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Should we have some more L2 channels in R\u0026D Discord?\nI feel like as more and more L2s become relevant to Ethereum design decisions it would probably make sense to try to attract some L2 peeps also over to this discord.\nWouldn't create like OP channel or Base channel, but rather L2 general channels. Rollcall channel could be the first in a new group.",
        "created_at": "2024-05-01T11:55:54.207000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cHighlander1969\u003e For those interested, the L2 Standards WG starts in 33 min discussing the L2 Transaction Fee API spec and a new article about account abstraction, key management across chains and self-sovereign identity. \n\nMeeting zoom link is here:\nhttps://us02web.zoom.us/j/81599021689?pwd=VmxPVUNCVmE5RkkweGY1YmN1OWMrZz09",
        "created_at": "2024-05-01T13:28:00.401000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "carlbeek",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Should we have some more L2 channels in",
        "created_at": "2024-05-01T20:32:35.164000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]