[
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cadietrichs\u003e agreed! Will post a summary of this week's breakout session (announcement coming in a bit) as an experiment and see how that goes. (re @ethrnd_rollcall_bot: \u003cabcoathup\u003e [reply]: \u003c@415548822983278593\u003e It would be good to publish a summary of each call somewhere publicly accessible.  e.g. with the agenda on Eth Magicians/PM repo, or Twitter/Farcaster.)",
        "created_at": "2024-02-05T15:59:29.581000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cyezhang1998\u003e We are doing that for every rollcall :)\n\nhttps://twitter.com/Scroll_ZKP/status/1753015855078903931",
        "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:00:30.335000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cyezhang1998\u003e https://twitter.com/Scroll_ZKP/status/1747347925150400685",
        "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:01:14.855000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cadietrichs\u003e ah, that's amazing! I saw that the other day, just wasn't sure whether you wanted to make that a regular thing ðŸ™‚\nI think you are doing a better job than I would, so maybe there is no need for me to do my own summaries then",
        "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:02:17.142000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cyezhang1998\u003e Yes, we want to make that regular, credit to @thegaram33 (re @adietrichs: ah, that's amazing! I saw that the other day, just wasn't sure whether you wanted to make that a regular thing ðŸ™‚\nI think you are doing a better job than I would, so maybe there is no need for me to do my own summaries then)",
        "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:02:35.394000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cyezhang1998\u003e Can decide on that format or make that more open \u0026 collaborative going forward for everyone to contribute",
        "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:03:02.764000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cadietrichs\u003e amazing! well let me know if there is anything I can help with! and feel free to dm me after calls if you e.g. missed a portion of the call, or for clarifications or whatever comes up",
        "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:05:39.370000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "spacemonkeyforta",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@365300888354422794\u003e I saw the agenda for the next few weeks of calls. Two questions:\n\n1. What's the agenda for the Precompile RIP call? We are posting a Precompile RIP proposal on Magicians tmrw and would like to join if relevant to us. \n2. How do we get added to agenda for Rollcall #3?",
        "created_at": "2024-02-05T17:17:38.409000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cHighlander1969\u003e @adietrichs sent you a DM about RIP editors",
        "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:04:41.871000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]