[
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cadietrichs\u003e reminder: fee markets breakout call in 6 hours!\nI just updated the agenda in the linked thread.\nI will share the zoom link here shortly before the call. (re @adietrichs: As discussed, the breakout call this week will be on L2 fee markets! this one will be a bit more experimental, as this is more of a research topic - we will have to see to what extent a breakout call is a good format for making progress on this.\n\nYou can find the announcement \u0026 agenda here: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/rollcall-breakout-2-fee-markets/18381\n\nAs usual, zoom link will be shared here shortly before the call. Looking forward to seeing (some of) you on the call!)",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T08:01:58.282000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cadietrichs\u003e call now: https://ethereumfoundation.zoom.us/j/82622521137?pwd=njRMJe2CgoyzDIIbaK5ps2sb3UHqPN.1",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T13:58:12.790000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cHighlander1969\u003e EEA - OASIS Community Projects L2 Transaction Fee Specification draft https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems%2Fl2-transaction-fees%2Fl2-transaction-fees-v1.0-psd01.md",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T14:28:15.547000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cHighlander1969\u003e While not defining transaction interfaces it does define fee components requirements for display, developers etc.",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T14:30:11.966000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cHighlander1969\u003e It can be the foundation for a more technical standard on pricing",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T14:31:19.315000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "victoria.t",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "will a recording be posted? üëÄ",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T16:17:10.042000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cadietrichs\u003e yes! I just have to figure out how üôÇ (re @ethrnd_rollcall_bot: \u003cvictoria.t\u003e [reply]: will a recording be posted? üëÄ)",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T16:49:41.119000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cCarlBeek\u003e i'm on it",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T16:49:55.451000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cCarlBeek\u003e youtube processing being slow, it will take about 2 hours",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T16:56:57.917000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cCarlBeek\u003e ok, it's up: https://youtu.be/URa8Jn-0aU4",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T17:12:22.994000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003ctimbeiko\u003e is there a TL;DR üò¨? (re @CarlBeek: ok, it's up: https://youtu.be/URa8Jn-0aU4)",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T17:41:24.863000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cadietrichs\u003e basically, we talked about 3 main topics:\n- repricing EVM operations (say keccak for zk)\n- L1 passthrough fees, how to pay for settlement and DA cost\n- potential proper multidim pricing (passthrough is basically a simple 2d version of that)\n\ntakeaway was that the topic where we might be close to having something to standardize is the L1 settlement cost. we talked a bit about what to standardize there, and the main feedback was that standardizing both a 2d tx type and a fee estimation API would be the best candidates.\nSo we introduce the concept of \"settlement gas\" (name tbd), and each L2 can have their own logic for how much settlement gas a tx consumes, and how to set the price for that gas during inclusion, but there would be a standardized way for users to specify limit and max price, and for estimating cost of a tx.\nSo ideally we can turn this into one or two concrete RIPs and move forward with that.",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T17:47:20.585000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003ctimbeiko\u003e thank you üòÅ!",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T17:48:20.720000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "spacemonkeyforta",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@691283857206542386\u003e How do we get an RIP number assigned to our proposal? It looks like posts on Eth Magicians with an EIP/ERC/RIP # have much more engagement than those without.",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T18:10:22.559000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "ulerdogan",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "After opening a PR, EIP Editors assign a number. You can change the topic name in Magicians when you have a number.",
        "created_at": "2024-01-31T18:13:35.536000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]