[
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cHighlander1969\u003e Remimder: For those interested, the L2 Standards WG will be discussing  at the top.pf the hour  (todax, August 21 at 7 am PT / 10 am ET / 15:00 GMT / 16:00 CET / 6:30 pm IST ) the WGs L2 Transaction Status proposal \nhttps://ethereum-magicians.org/t/rip-idea-l2-transaction-status-standard/20511/5 \n\nPR for standard is here: https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/L2/pull/55\n\nMeeting zoom link is here:\nhttps://us02web.zoom.us/j/81599021689?pwd=VmxPVUNCVmE5RkkweGY1YmN1OWMrZz09",
        "created_at": "2024-08-21T13:21:13.337000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabasbusa",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "15:00 GMT != 16:00 CET",
        "created_at": "2024-08-21T14:03:16.524000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cmratsim\u003e CET != CEST (re @ethrnd_rollcall_bot: \u003cBarnabas\u003e [reply]: 15:00 GMT != 16:00 CET)",
        "created_at": "2024-08-21T14:03:47.947000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]