[
    {
        "author": "bridge-bot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003cthegaram33\u003e hey all, we'll have 2 sessions about L1SLOAD at Devcon. (we previously presented this at Rollcall.)\n\nworkshop on Tuesday at 2pm: https://app.devcon.org/schedule/ERQ7N3\n\ntalk on Thursday at 5:50pm: https://app.devcon.org/schedule/VRXWFH\n\nRIP: https://github.com/ethereum/RIPs/blob/master/RIPS/rip-7728.md\n\nwould love to discuss this topic with other L2 teams after either of these sessions (or find me anytime during Devcon)",
        "created_at": "2024-11-11T04:42:06.003000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]