[
    {
        "author": "ralexstokes",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "hey all, can't make the light client call this time but would love to join for the next one!",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T05:46:49.924000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "_jmc_.",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "sure - we will keep you posted!",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T07:19:56.293000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jinfwhuang",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@!539495253418180618\u003e , we are hoping to chat with you on understand what has been thought/written out about the \"networking\" part of beacon-chain light client design.",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T15:52:53.707000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jinfwhuang",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "See: https://github.com/ethereum/portal-network-specs/issues/93",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T15:52:56.799000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jinfwhuang",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I am thinking that if we could sketch out some high level overviews, we should be able to make progress in both writing out the specs and also implementing some POC in the respective eth2 clients.",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T15:54:24.988000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jinfwhuang",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "We will be having a study-group meetup in an hour. Feel free to join if you are interested. https://us04web.zoom.us/j/74438574896?pwd=V28rNXlPQzAxSXA3SWlJb3VYOUhCUT09",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T16:03:38.958000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "qyu6306",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Thanks for sharing! I'm interested in joining the group but cannot make it today. When will be the next meetup? \u003c@!646424665572507648\u003e",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T16:08:01.045000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "_jmc_.",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "we haven't set the next meeting yet, but so far we have met at 1700 UTC on Mondays and Thursdays but can flex depending on what works for people",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T16:18:04.064000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "qyu6306",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Thanks! Is there also central place that documents progress?",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T16:19:52.504000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "_jmc_.",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "just our respective notes on the cohort-one github repository so far. It's informal, the purpose is just to try to answer each other's basic questions and think through some potential specs. So far we focused on understanding the networking layer - Jin started at the consensus layer/Prysm end and worked back, I started at the execution layer/Geth end and worked forward, hopefully today we meet in the middle and decide where to go next (probably beacon portal specs)!",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T16:39:35.621000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jinfwhuang",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "https://us02web.zoom.us/j/84563781367?pwd=aXZZN3FMWXdzaElFQXlhOXl2UEZqQT09",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T17:10:23.745000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jinfwhuang",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "If you are interested in getting the calendar invite for the call, DM me with your email. The next meeting is set at 10am-11am, US Pacific Time, Tuesday 10/12.",
        "created_at": "2021-10-07T23:03:54.034000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]