[
    {
        "author": "radekkapka",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "hey there ðŸ™‚",
        "created_at": "2021-08-31T13:33:05.587000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "radekkapka",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Is `until_epoch` in https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/Validator/prepareSyncCommitteeSubnets inclusive or exclusive?",
        "created_at": "2021-08-31T13:33:17.462000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "radekkapka",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "would you expect to still be subscribed at epoch `until_epoch` or not?",
        "created_at": "2021-08-31T13:33:42.841000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "radekkapka",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "if it's inclusive, then maybe it would be better to rename it to `up_to_epoch` (sounds less ambiguous)",
        "created_at": "2021-08-31T13:34:40.963000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "radekkapka",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "unless the spec is frozen; in that case let's just add documentation no matter which way it is",
        "created_at": "2021-08-31T13:35:18.453000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "`until_epoch` sounds exclusive, but I think that it's inclusive (_i.e._ it should be the first epoch of the next sync committee period in usual operation).  But it really depends on how the client teams have coded it, so will be interesting to hear their take on it.",
        "created_at": "2021-08-31T13:43:31.776000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "radekkapka",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "We implemented it as exclusive in Prysm. My personal opinion is that this should be documented in the spec and all teams should follow what the spec says, because the field name is ambiguous.",
        "created_at": "2021-08-31T14:19:14.159000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]