[
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "We could land eip4844 on a branch, might be a good answerâ€¦",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:44:27.025000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "And merge to master once we have a name",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:44:53.411000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I'm seeing `eip-4844` showing up in various PRs now, I think that we either fix this now with a proper name or we go through pain later.  Is there any good reason _not_ to pick a name and enforce it?",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:44:57.681000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "(As far as I can see, worst case is that we have to change the name and we are no worse off than now.)",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:45:25.439000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I think we want to use the real name on master ideally",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:45:37.610000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Maybe do a release if weâ€™re happy with withdrawals?",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:45:59.960000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "2 options I guess",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:46:26.328000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I think we're good with it (I'd worry more about state than withdrawals regarding potential to change), but given the likelihood that people are out on vacation time I'm not sure we'll have enough people actively agreeing for us to feel comfortable with it.",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:47:24.751000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Would basically enshrine the light client endpoints, we might not be that far along? \u003c@881905303011086387\u003e",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:47:38.840000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Yeh Iâ€™m on vacation atm just this is on my â€˜early morningâ€™ checks",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:48:20.947000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Do we just put the EIP on branch, and let it develop there?",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:49:29.485000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Still requires rename coming in but probably less messy",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:49:56.078000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Trouble is I'm seeing the `eip-4844` name showing up in other PRs (e.g. flashbots) and so if they merge we start to get ourselves in to a mess.",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:51:22.022000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Thereâ€™s only a few of us that can mergeâ€¦ ðŸ™‚",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:51:51.020000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "On their repository? ðŸ™‚",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:52:11.914000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Oh hehe",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:52:18.307000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "We have a bunch in teku, thatâ€™ll be fun, but we rename a lot anyway I guess",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:52:42.533000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "At least on beacon-apis repo we could restrict it on master I was mainly thinking",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:53:19.743000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "True.",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:53:25.162000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Make it clear itâ€™s not going to be called that",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:53:30.859000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Given it relies on KZG I canâ€™t see it being in Capella, but I could be wrong heh",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:54:34.608000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I tend to agree, it seems like a major push to get all of the pieces in place prior to March (and indeed prior to that, for testnets).",
        "created_at": "2022-12-20T22:56:33.563000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]