[
    {
        "author": "radekkapka",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "we already have this functionality outside of Beacon API and we would rather keep it this way",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T15:20:35.479000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Re. builder SSE and withdrawals endpoints for Capella, what are peoples feelings about those being missing the 1.3 spec cut of beacon-api? they're in issue format, so my guess is they're a way off...\nThey could merge into dev, just not sure we want to delay being able to merge deneb until these issues are done...",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T21:15:54.885000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I'd very much prefer that we ship with a full set of APIs, including those that are needed by builders.\n\nCould we have a 48-hour push to see if we can get these into a PR and merged, given that there appear to already be implementation of them? Or is that expecting too much at this stage?\n\nMy worry is that we end up with two different systems (SSE and endpoint) that are supported variously by different beacon nodes, reducing client diversity for builders.",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T21:43:01.454000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Oh we don't have 1.3 of the spec yet, we definitely have time. I'm just looking for a way forward where we don't have everything blocked by everything.\nIf we can get these 2 endpoints in in a timely manner (1 week enough?) then we have a way forward, just looking for a rough map.",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T21:44:21.078000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I'm hoping 1.3 is out in the near term, it may be blocked on getting mainnet values for capella? not sure",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T21:44:59.955000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "If we want them, we should make them a priority I guess, and get them into PR format soon, i might start looking at the withdrawals endpoint if I get a chance.",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T21:46:05.347000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "sproul",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Iâ€™m planning to write a spec for the SSE event today ðŸ¤š",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T21:47:50.063000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Ok awesome then, if you're doing that, I'll get a PR up for the withdrawals... should be not super complicated hopefully...",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T21:51:29.175000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "sproul",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Thanks! Team work makes the dream work",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T21:57:03.510000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": "jgm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I'll critique them ðŸ™‚",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T22:05:12.321000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "does feel like some of this could have a 'builder' tag heh",
        "created_at": "2023-02-23T22:15:06.023000+00:00",
        "attachments": []
    }
]