[
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "is it fair to say theres no desire for the validators v2 endpoint? it's been sitting around as a PR for over a year https://github.com/ethereum/beacon-APIs/pull/449 ...",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T21:42:04.995000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@\u0026595685821026271242\u003e ^",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T21:44:45.358000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jameshe5018",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I assume we are introducing new events for the ptc related things ( and probably the payload envelope?) https://github.com/ethereum/beacon-APIs/pull/552 doesn't cover it, has anyone thought of openign a pr for it yet?",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T21:54:29.460000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jameshe5018",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "https://github.com/ethereum/beacon-apis/issues/349 \u003c@680234424037670912\u003e \u003c@586161934425128960\u003e is this one complete? seemes liked we implemented this a while ago",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:40:34.698000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jameshe5018",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "unless we wanted to add attestation_gossip too",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:41:16.619000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jameshe5018",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "assuming we want something similar for payload envelopes now?",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:41:45.940000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "looks like that was PR #405",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:46:57.269000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "probably depends on whos listening for events and whether they need it rather than solutioning ... potentially though...\n \u003c@84562395988508672\u003e are you likely to want payload events on event stream?",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:48:19.415000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "samcm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Yeah a payload event would be very very useful for us üôè",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:50:24.765000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "samcm",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "There might be others too, i'll have a look - ty for ping",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:50:40.513000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jameshe5018",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "there's probably several others that's worth adding",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:52:05.154000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "we should only add whats needed, the more we add to that stream the less accurate it'll be",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:53:01.073000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "unless we go OTT with timestamps etc",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:53:14.453000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "jameshe5018",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "fair, does any events get deprecated with gloas? ü§î",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T22:54:39.535000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "i haven't scanned them but woudl be worth looking",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T23:30:22.489000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": ".paulharris",
        "category": "Consensus Layer",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "i do think with all the data changes theres likely to be a different set of events needed to get all the metric fun that is in use, but still catching up on the current epbs spec",
        "created_at": "2026-01-27T23:56:09.947000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]