[
    {
        "author": "pipermerriam",
        "category": "Channel Graveyard",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Between now and our next call on Tuesday I'm going to work on fully writing down the \"current plan\" as it exists in my head.  As a group, I want to focus on exploring the right way forward towards starting the actual build-out of the network.  I think we're at the stage where early implementations can get started and there are probably a few concurrent starting points (libp2p gossip, discv5 DHT overlay network, bridge infrastructure) and it would be good to get an idea of who has interest in focusing on these individual parts.",
        "created_at": "2021-02-26T17:44:33.979000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]