[
    {
        "author": "chirag_bgh",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Hey \u003c@539495253418180618\u003e , \nI dm'ed you on tg regarding the project proposal for mev-rs. Could you please check once? \n\nThanks",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T07:09:33.149000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "bchain99",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "hey \u003c@486501030046203915\u003e can I DM you? i am interested in working on research and tech for ethereum censorship as part of EPF. I see that it is listed as one of the RIG problems, could we get in touch? ðŸ˜„\n\nMainly want to explore work along the lines of\nhttps://github.com/eth-protocol-fellows/cohort-three/blob/master/projects/improving-censorship-resistance.md",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T11:17:54.948000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "rustbeaver",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Is the recording for this AMA available somewhere?",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T18:28:56.365000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "joshd4078",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "The AMA was rescheduled due to some unforeseen circumstances. We will post the rescheduled date as soon as we have locked it in.",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T18:55:53.862000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "mariohavel",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@\u0026857649635274915900\u003e Office Hours update - We are very sorry about the Tuesday AMA when Piper couldn't make it but we are rescheduling for hopefully later this month. Next two Office Hours calls will be dedicated to presenting your project proposals. It's a space to share your proposal with other fellows and also invite mentors to see and feedback your goals. Please aim for 10-15 minute presentation with some space for questions, we are hoping to have room for 3-4 people in this call. If you plan to present, please just leave comment under the issue  https://github.com/eth-protocol-fellows/cohort-four/issues/137",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T19:10:44.207000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "joshd4078",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "If we do end up having more than 3-4 people wanting to present per call, we will likely extend them to be 90 mins. It is highly encouraged for everyone to present their project in order to get feedback from mentors and your colleagues as well as practicing your ability to communicate your ideas to others.",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T20:09:32.729000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "pipermerriam",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I'm so sorry to have stood you all up earlier this week. ðŸ˜¬",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T20:53:58.942000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabemonnot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Please do!",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T21:44:02.892000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "chrishobcroft",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@486501030046203915\u003e did you do any Math today?",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T21:44:26.340000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "barnabemonnot",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Who wants to know? ðŸ¥¸",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T21:45:21.337000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "chrishobcroft",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Me",
        "created_at": "2023-08-04T22:02:52.482000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]