[
    {
        "author": "sambhavjain6766",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Hi everyone! Like Iâ€™m interested in Pureth, like I read EIP what other stuff to dive into and what to explore like cant find much",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T07:21:29.073000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "agnxsh",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "\u003c@881905303011086387\u003e",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T07:54:33.575000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "etan_status",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "https://purified-web3.box has resources focusing on it including a TG group. the initial scope for EL boils down to:\n\n- add logs to ETH transfers\n- implement the 7745 log index\n- when building/receiving payload for CL, use SSZ\n- when hashing, use SSZ\n\nGeth is currently farthest with 7745. The SSZ scope was prototyped in EthJs.\n\nThe idea is to keep extending the devnet until it is complete, so that Helios / Nimbus / Corpus Core can verify the entire RPC API efficiently. Those tools can then be integrated into wallets and dApps to improve security and privacy, and also help reducing the need for external indexers and gas fees e.g. when verifying a log from an L2 receipt on L1.\n\nWhich EL are you interested in looking into?",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T08:13:01.973000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "harsh.ps.2003",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "When are client teams going to present their specific projects? I want to finalize my project after that",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T09:59:51.336000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "tmiychao",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Projects from client teams are all in the project ideas file https://github.com/eth-protocol-fellows/cohort-six/blob/master/projects/project-ideas.md\nNext week at office hours we will have Phil from Lodestar to do AMA and he will also talk about the work on their client, you can get ready for that! But there are no dedicated presentations from client teams, not sure what you meant here?",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T10:50:44.073000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "tmiychao",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "GM everyone! \u003c@\u0026857649635274915900\u003e We have recording from yesterday's Office Hours #1: https://youtu.be/EMH5tXLVDQk \nCheck it out if you missed the call\n\nAnd another important call you can follow today is ACDE. Some excited updates from Berlin interop, check it out to catch up on current focus of client teams https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/1569",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T10:52:46.303000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "tmiychao",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Plus the latest checkpoint blog is an overview of progress made at the interop https://blog.ethereum.org/2025/06/19/checkpoint-4",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T10:55:02.099000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "harsh.ps.2003",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I thought every client team was going to do some AMA where we could ask about specifics of their project. Stupid me ðŸ¥²",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T11:34:11.480000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "sambhavjain6766",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Thanks a lot, Etan! Iâ€™m interested in Geth, Erigon, Nimbus EL â€” happy to explore wherever ig ðŸ˜…",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T11:51:37.171000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "tmiychao",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "There will be AMAs during the whole fellowship, you can ask any questions there but it's not focused specifically on projects",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T11:59:13.561000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    },
    {
        "author": "samyxandy",
        "category": "general",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "I would be interested in Nimbus el impl for this too",
        "created_at": "2025-06-19T12:16:49.813000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]