[
    {
        "author": "roberto9500",
        "category": "Consensus R\u0026D",
        "parent": "",
        "content": "Hi all, tomorrow (Thursday 13) at 1.30pm in the Talk 4 - River room at Devcon, I will present on our work to Formally Specify and Verify the DVT protocol\nhttps://app.devcon.org/schedule/bvmsng\nIf you are attending Devcon, I look forward to seeing you there.",
        "created_at": "2022-10-12T16:59:54.186000+00:00",
        "attachments": null
    }
]